In this tutorial we're going to work on the contact.
These contacts open up contact views.
Y under def contact request type title equals contac.
Next you can go ahead and delete contacts contacts equals locals or make my context equal to dictionary
dictionaries.
Use the key value pairs a key value pair is defined as a set of two linked data items.
A key which is a unique identifier for some item of data and the value which is either the data that
is identified or a pointer to the location of the data
under form equals contact form type context equals title title form form
once that's complete save.
Views y.
Next open templates.
Contact that HGL will want to change the header tag adding title
once that's complete saved contact HMO and open up the browser refresh the contact page.
From the title and the contact form is still rendered open contact.
NEWS.COM why and delete form and form
from the end of line 11 saved used up y and refresh the contact page.
The form does not come through the submit button is still there.
Go back in views that P Y and undo the delete and save.
I just wanted to illustrate that for context you don't have to use locals.
You can use a dictionary to specify the context to be rendered.
Next open contact HVM out if the form is not rendered.
The submit button should not be displayed.
If for an end around the form open and closed tag
open contact used up.
Why and delete form and form as we did earlier save News.com P Y and refresh the contact page yet again.
Now the form and the button do not come through the if statement worked.
Go back into view stop and undo the delete and save when the user submits the form.
We want to send the message.
Will create a variable called Cf. underscore message.
So under the send underscore mail line type title equals.
Thanks
and on the line below that I'd confirm underscore message equals.
Thanks for the message.
We will get right back to you.
Next we're going to make another context.
This context will only be rendered once the form has been validated.
So type context equals title title confirm underscore message confirmed message this can be found online
open contact on HGL if the form has been validated confirmed message and the title will be rendered
with the news context if confirmed message has been rendered.
We want confirmed underscore a message to be displayed and if confirmed underscore message and if
safe contact HMO go ahead and refresh Krome.
Now you can fill out the contact form
once that's complete submit the form
once the form is validated.
The context changes confirm message and the new title is displayed.
Refresh the contact page.
The contact form is displayed again.
Open Contact.
NEWS.COM.
He y.
We want to move this context out of the if statement.
Cut context equals title and pasted below an ad for
next we can go and delete context equals title title form form from line 11.
Now we want to go and type confirm underscore message.
Equals none.
In it's place.
Following that we will add form equals none into line 23 before the form is submitted.
Confirm.
Underscore message equals none.
When the form is posted and the data is valid form equals none the context renders title form and confirm
underscore message.
The template will then display whatever context is rendered saved News.com News.com.
Refresh the home page and you can go fill out the contact form.
Submit the form and then refresh contact
contact.
HMO displays the appropriate context on contact open profiles used IPY
and on your contex line delete equals local's equally.
Remove this below on line 10 and locals place will put an empty dictionary
local's puts everything in each view is the context.
This lack of specificity is a major drawback to using locals.
That's why in this video I showed you how to hard code the views contex save profiles used up y and
refresh Krumm
because the home and about page don't have any context to display the empty dictionary does not affect
them.